You've been
wasting away in the basement.
How would you like
to be a night agent?
Think he's our guy?
He could be getting ready
to pass on more intel.
- Recognize him?
- No.
I'll take the
new guy. you take Warren.
He just made a drop.
I'll come meet you.
Alice. I'm made!
Shit. me too!
Alice!
- Peter Sutherland?
- Still haven't located him.
Figured out what went
wrong in Bangkok?
His training was accelerated. He was
pushed into the field too quickly.
So you think Peter
is the problem?
- Who is this?
- I'm looking for Peter Sutherland.
How… how do you know Peter?
You got a call about Peter
from a man you didn't know.
When we find Peter. I'll
let you know he's safe.
Where are you?
- What's up?
- Stuff with my dad.
- You haven't talked to him?
- He's talking to me on Signal.
Messenger app. right?
- Get on the ground!
- You need me alive. don't you?
- Rose?
- Peter.
Shit.
I'm Catherine.
You my handler?
Uh. case officer.
We like to think night
agents can handle themselves.
Welcome to Thailand.
- How was your processing in Germany?
- It was fine.
I was there a lot longer
than I thought I'd be.
Long enough to knock
that G-man look off you.
Getting all those tattoos removed.
that can't have been pleasant.
They didn't give me
much of a choice.
You read the briefing?
What there was of
it. When do I start?
Well. first things first.
There's credible evidence of a leak
in the CIA station here in Bangkok.
The agency's internal
investigation yielded nothing.
so our job is to find
out who it is and why
without tipping off the spooks
that they're being investigated.
Understood.
Then maybe you also understand
why I'm a little bit skeptical
in your ability to
succeed in Night Action.
- I'm sorry?
- Analysis. okay. Logistics. fine.
But field work?
Even you know you're
not ready for that.
What is. uh. is happening?
I'm giving you the
chance to turn around
and go and work for the FBI.
You're here because
POTUS pushed you on us.
not because you cleared
the proper channels.
or cleared the usual hurdles.
This job is going to ask a lot of you.
And it's okay to admit you're not ready.
It takes a certain kind of person
to succeed as a night agent.
There's no shame in quitting.
Actually. quite the opposite.
It's better that you
make that choice now
than for me to have to
make it for you later.
I can do this.
Peter. this is Alice.
- Hi.
- Nice to finally have you here.
She'll oversee your training on
this assignment. so follow her lead.
Don't worry. I
have a soft touch.
I oversee agents
in other countries.
so I'll be in and out to
check on your progress.
which means Alice decides if and
when you're ready for the field.
- I thought that...
- I know what you thought.
But training comes first.
I'll leave you to it.
Keep me up to speed.
So this is it. huh?
This is it.
No field office. no central HQ.
no support staff. no footprint.
We only exist here as
if we're civilians.
Oh. speaking of. let
me see your phone.
All right. my cell phone
is already programmed in.
You memorized the local number for
the emergency Night Action line?
- Yeah.
- Good.
Under no circumstances should that
number be saved in that phone.
In the U.S.. we might be a rumor.
but out here. we don't exist.
Can I actually save some
personal contacts before you...
Is this about the Larkin girl?
I read your file. It's my job
to know where you come from.
- Don't take it the wrong way.
- It's fine.
I just… I said I'd call
her if I could and...
Let me give you
advice I learned the hard way.
You're a night agent now.
Relationships are dangerous.
even more so for normal
people. which we are not.
I suggest. as of now. no longer
having any personal contacts.
It's easier to just
make a clean break.
Any objections?
No. ma'am.
Hmm.
Just Alice.
- You can save the "ma'ams" for Catherine.
- Got it.
I know she comes off a little
intimidating. but she does care.
which is rare in this field.
When you first joined. did she
try to talk you into quitting too?
No. She recruited me.
We're gonna get you where
you need to go. Come on.
Who is that?
Head down to the other end.
Get us a way out of here. Go.
Peter!
This way.
Wait. wait. wait.
Go. go. go. go!
Go around the side. Try and
cut them off in the back.
Move!
Hey!
Rose. come on!
There.
Wh… what are you doing?
We need to get out of here.
Take us a few blocks up.
- That's not how Uber works.
- You sure about that?
All right.
- Go. Come on.
- Go.
- Ah!
- How bad is it?
I'll live.
You see where they went?
You okay?
- I don't know. What just happened?
- I'll tell you at home.
Where's home?
Listen. nobody can know
where I am right now.
Okay. So you need to
tell me how you found me.
I found a picture online.
You were in the background of some
woman's selfie in a rundown urgent care.
- From there. I… I just did my thing.
- What do you mean. did your thing?
I need to know exactly how you found
me. Okay? I need to know everything.
I know. and I'm trying
to tell you. I...
I'm sorry. I just have to think.
Someone just tried to kill us.
Again.
Peter. you're bleeding.
Oh shit.
- Do you need help?
- No. it's fine.
It's just infected.
That's why I was at that urgent
care. I needed antibiotics.
A woman there told me about
the shelter where you were staying.
And then the guy at the shelter
told me about the basketball court.
When I got to the court. I met this
kid whose phone you stole. apparently.
and I tracked that
number and found you.
You tracked that number?
No one else knows where you are.
Okay. Thank you.
- I'm sorry.
- I get it. It's fine.
So why'd you come after me?
Because I haven't heard
from you in ten months.
And then I get a call from a stranger
asking about you out of the blue.
and it scared the
shit out of me.
- Uh. who… who called you?
- I don't know. A man.
He said that you were in trouble
and that he wanted to help you.
So I reached out to Travers.
and this woman named
Catherine turned up.
She said that you work for her.
- You talked to Catherine?
- Yes.
- What'd she say?
- Nothing.
She asked me a bunch of questions that
I didn't have the answers to. and…
Look. Peter. I… I didn't know
if you were alive or dead.
You wanna tell me
what's going on?
I can't get you
involved in this.
They called me looking for you.
And a half hour ago.
they were shooting at us.
I'm kind of involved.
What happened to you. Peter? Why
did you take that kid's phone?
To track down him.
That's Warren Stocker.
That's the kid's father.
He's the key to all of this.
All of what?
What aren't you telling me?
A month ago. the op
I was on went bad.
It was just supposed
to be surveillance.
You know. identify who was leaking
CIA intel and find the buyer.
But… I don't know.
Something else was going on.
Because that guy that shot
at us tonight. he was there.
Okay? And he ambushed us
at an extraction point
that no one outside of Night
Action should've known about.
He. um… he killed my partner.
- My God. I'm… I'm sorry.
- I don't know if Catherine's involved.
I don't know if Night
Action is compromised.
And until I figure it out. I…
I cannot trust anyone.
Except me. right?
Except you.
This cannot be like last time.
I can't keep you safe. Rose.
I didn't mean to get
in the way. I was…
I was just trying to help. okay?
And honestly. if you
hadn't been there.
I probably wouldn't have seen
the other guy chasing me. so…
So I kind of saved you in a way.
Let's get some rest. Okay? We'll
figure all this out in the morning.
You take the bed.
I'll take the couch.
No. I… I can take
the couch. It's fine.
Rose. it's safer for
you behind another door.
Right.
- Hey. Rose?
- Yeah?
Next time you go
chasing after someone.
don't wear heels.
It's good to see you.
Yeah. you too.
You know how hard it
is to travel to Iran with two kids…
It's not easy. but this year I'm trying
to take them up north for two weeks
to see their grandmother.
What about you?
Here's the research you wanted.
- Leave it on my desk.
- Of course.
Her health is
failing. so we want to see her soon.
- Miss Taheri.
- Yes.
The kitchen staff said they needed
an extra hand with something.
I told them you would assist.
- Of course.
- Thank you.
In the name of God.
One moment. attention. please.
Thank you.
Your behavior reflects on this
mission and on our country.
So with the General Assembly
convening next week.
I urge you all to comport
yourselves appropriately
because we will be
under a microscope.
I also remind you that due to
the Americans' overinflated
paranoia about Iran.
all staff members of this mission
are confined to a strict perimeter
within the city.
Should you be found
outside the perimeter.
they will detain you
for questioning and deportation.
As some of you already know.
Houshang had to return home
for a family emergency.
So if you have any questions
about our security protocols.
please consult Javad Rahmani.
He's our new head
of mission security.
Thank you.
Noor. let the
cleaning staff handle that.
I don't mind.
I actually think the
ambassador prefers the mess.
It's fine. I'm used to cleaning
up after my little brother.
But you aren't Abbas'
sister. You're his assistant.
Don't make his other
assistant look bad.
I saw Javad noticing you.
It's his job to keep eyes on us.
Yeah.
- Seemed like he only had eyes for you.
- Haleh.
You're the only unmarried
woman in the mission.
He has a good job. great
hair. He's a catch.
I don't know him.
So get to know him.
You're a catch too.
What's the harm?
Haleh. when is the cut-off time to have
these cleaned and ready for tomorrow?
Uh… One o'clock.
One…
Then you better go now.
But we have a briefing in ten
minutes. I'm supposed to take notes.
I can drop it off
during my lunch.
Thank you. Ms. Taheri. I
admire your initiative.
Stop making me look bad.
- Hey. what are you doing?
- Relax.
Nothing happened
on your video feed.
You shouldn't be
looking at my stuff.
Warren Stocker. right?
I'm getting close.
I mean. consumer-grade facial recognition
does bring back a lot of false positives.
but I did manage to pick up a
couple of hits from the city.
all from the past week.
Wait. holy
shit. What is this?
I couldn't
sleep last night.
And whenever that happens. I. uh. need
to distract myself with something.
So I thought I could help you find
your guy the same way I found you.
If I could just recode the interface to
take in more search parameters at once.
Interface of what? What the… What
the hell are you talking about. Rose?
I'm helping code this new
marketing protocol called AdVerse.
It can scrape the Internet for any
combination of search attributes.
So. like. text.
photos. locations.
whatever you feed it
helps narrow the search.
I started tweaking it
when I needed to find you.
And here's the latest hit
on your guy from last night.
now with embedded location data.
Looks like he was
headed back to the city.
- Yeah. that's him.
- It's from a traffic cam.
I have no idea where
he went from there.
Wait. so. whoa. hold on. You
didn't sleep at all last night?
Not really. It's fine.
That's as far as I got.
The interface can only look at
publicly available. archived data.
Like. old shit. A
12-hour delay at best.
- Not even close to real time.
- I don't know. that's pretty cool.
So this is your company. huh?
Is this what you're doing. now?
I wrote most
of the code. but no.
I'm just an employee.
I thought you wanted to
start your own thing.
Like do your own
company and stuff.
Yeah. well.
there's a lot you
missed in ten months.
Listen…
Rose. I… I wanted to call you.
Oh. Peter. it's fine.
We... We don't...
- No. it's not...
- No...
It's not fine.
Okay? I'm sorry. I
should have called you.
I know what you're doing is
important. but now you need help.
Yeah.
If you knew you couldn't trust
anyone. why not reach out to Travers?
Being a night agent. it's not
like answering the phone for them.
Okay? I can't go to the
President until I get Warren
and find out what intel
he was leaking to who.
and who at Night
Action is compromised.
Because if it's Catherine. she
could be bad-mouthing me to POTUS.
No. I need undeniable
proof before I go to her.
What's it like. you know.
uh. being a night agent?
I know how excited you
were getting on that plane.
Yeah.
It's like being a rod bearing.
- Okay.
- You're not the car.
You're not even the engine.
You're just a really. really small.
really important piece of the engine.
And you can't fail.
Because if you fail. everything
around you starts falling apart.
And. uh…
Yeah. you can't let that happen.
Well. it looks like
you're on the right track.
New York is one of the most heavily
surveilled cities in the country.
- Warren will probably turn up again.
- We'll see.
Now. can I ask.
is that his house?
Or is that just a VHS tape from
the year 1995 playing on a loop?
I don't really have access to an
FBI surveillance kit at the moment.
so it's the best I got.
So you bought some
discount-bin cameras
from the last remaining
Radio Shack?
- Works. doesn't it?
- Yeah. I guess.
No. that… That
townhouse used to be his.
but he lost that and custody
of Ethan in a divorce.
About a month ago. he had fake
passports made for him and his son.
I think he's trying to
take Ethan and disappear.
So you know that Ethan's
dad is trying to take him.
and instead of telling the police.
you're waiting for it to happen?
He's the only lead I have.
I'll keep Ethan safe.
Oh. something is up.
They're going to his basketball
game. Ethan's in the playoffs.
- How do you know that?
- Started coaching Ethan at the park.
Coaching him or
pickpocketing him?
I learned from the best.
- Wait. where are you going?
- Warren might be trying to grab him.
- You stay here. and then when I'm back...
- No. I'm not staying here by myself.
Didn't you hear
anything I had to say?
I cannot take you with
me. I can't protect you.
And I can't be alone right now.
Besides. I can help. you know.
Am I safer with you or alone?
Ethan. Ethan. Hey.
Hey. buddy. Hey.
What's going on?
Should I go?
- What happened to your face?
- Nothing. I just took a really bad fall.
- It's good to see you. pal.
- You too.
Okay. look. I know we talked about
meeting up a little bit later on.
but some things have come up.
We have to head out now if we're
gonna get time to see each other.
- What about my game?
- We're gonna have to skip it.
But it's really important
that we leave right now. okay?
Yeah? Let's go. Come on.
Ethan? You still
in here? It's game time.
Come on. let's go!
Ethan. what are you do...
Warren? What's going on?
- Ethan. grab your coat. Wait outside.
- Hey. no. wait a minute.
Go to your mom.
Ethan. right now.
I'm your father. not him. Grab
your coat and wait outside.
I wanna talk to Frank.
Hey. Ethan. don't. Just…
- He's not your kid.
- You're violating a court order.
You violated
my goddamn marriage.
You're fucking my wife
while I serve this country?
You're living in my
home with my son?
You're lecturing me
about what's right?
How about what's
right for Ethan?
Locker room.
- Oh shit.
- Hey. I got him. Go.
- Okay.
- Okay. Hey.
What happened?
It… it was Warren.
He took Ethan.
You have any idea where
Warren's taking him?
David. what are you doing
here? Where's Ethan?
Patricia. listen to
me. okay? I'm FBI.
It's important that you tell
me anything you might know
about where Warren
might be going.
I don't
know!
Hey. look at me. My name's Rose.
and I'm gonna help you. okay?
- You can handle it.
- What's going on?
Warren's trying to flee with
Ethan. We can stop him if you help.
He's trying to kidnap
Ethan? He's a lunatic.
- We have to call the police.
- You should. but Warren has a head start.
- Can you tell us about where he might go?
- I have no idea.
When you were married. did he talk about
emergency scenarios. meet-up points?
Sure. He said it was
normal in his line of work.
Would you remember where
any of them are on a map?
- Maybe some.
- You got something?
He's gotta have a way out of the
country. We gotta narrow it down.
I can sort the AdVerse
results by location.
Maybe seeing where he's been
will tell us where he's going.
Okay. here we go.
Are any of these
places familiar?
That one. kind of.
- Long Island?
- My parents live there.
There's an old motel in
the middle of Farmingdale
he said to go to if
anything ever happened.
- What else is in the area?
- Private companies. mostly.
There's a small
airport. flight schools.
- He's a pilot.
- My God!
We'll stop him.
What you guys need to do is call
the police. tell them what happened.
And then go home.
Maybe Ethan got away and
he's trying to get back.
How long will it take to
arrange the paperwork?
Let's just see if you
got the goods here.
Yeah. this is worthless. I
can't do anything with this.
But I copied this directly
from our mission's files.
It… it has details of
Iran's drone program.
There's nothing in here
we haven't seen before.
You said the CIA would grant
me and my family asylum
if I gave you intelligence.
First off. you came to us.
And second. we're interested
in valuable intelligence.
And without that. the CIA is under
no obligation to meet your demands.
Sorry.
Do you know what will happen to me if
I'm caught stealing from the mission?
Of course I know.
But that was your choice.
You think you're the first
foreigner to promise us intelligence
in exchange for some
kind of a favor?
- I've played this game before.
- This is not a game to me.
I only have one week
to get my brother out of Iran.
And if I defect.
I cannot leave him or my mother
behind. or they will face retaliation.
Okay. look. we wanna help.
but you have to earn it.
Still have that burner phone?
All right. you come up with
something extraordinary.
you know how to
get a hold of me.
The… the ambassador has
been having secret meetings
with an American in the
intelligence community.
You know this how?
I heard a rumor at the mission.
Rumor.
If it's true. it means you
Americans may have a leak.
If it's true. find proof.
Then maybe we can help you.
Anything
else you can provide?
- Patricia?
- Yes?
I'd like to talk to you
about your ex-husband.
- Did you catch the psychotic prick?
- Who are you?
I'm with the FBI.
Have David and Rose found Ethan?
- David and Rose?
- Your two agents.
They were here after Warren took
Ethan. They went chasing after him.
- Him?
- Yeah. David.
Has he found my son?
- Where's your phone?
- I don't have it.
Are you positive? I gotta make
sure no one's tracking us.
I don't know where it went. It got
mixed up with one of my friend's.
- Yeah. what friend?
- David.
The guy who's been coaching me.
That guy's not your friend. okay?
That guy used you to get to me!
To hurt me. you understand?
- Where are we going?
- Someplace safe.
Well. what about Mom?
Okay. uh. Mom. um…
Look. I know that everything's
moving really fast right now.
but it's gonna be okay. I'll explain
everything when we get out of here.
You and
me. we're starting over. okay?
Trust me. Yeah? Trust me?
Okay. okay. okay.
okay. okay. All right.
Help! There's an emergency on
the runway. I… I need your help.
- Stay.
- Quick!
What happened?
My friend. she fell.
and she's unconscious.
and there's no one around.
and I need your help.
Ethan. come with me.
Come on!
Get away from him!
Ethan!
What are you two doing with him?
We're taking him home to
his mom. Taxi's on the way.
- What are you doing with my dad?
- I work for the government.
And your dad's done
some bad things.
No. Ethan. Don't listen
to him. Ethan. he's lying.
Peter. he doesn't need
to see any of this.
Peter? Your name isn't David?
Look. I know this doesn't
make any sense right now.
And believe me. I know exactly
what you're going through. okay?
I'm sorry.
You don't deserve any of this.
Wait.
please.
Ethan. I can explain. Wait.
Wait. wait. please.
I love you!
- You sure you don't wanna talk?
- Just leave me alone.
Hey. Ethan.
Hey.
Your dad's going
to be safe. okay?
I promise.
Hey. uh. excuse me. Can you
just wait a minute. please?
Look. I'm sorry that you
got caught up in all this.
but I couldn't have found Warren
without you. so thank you.
What? What is it?
Just don't ever stop being
the real Peter. okay?
Don't do anything to
him you'll regret.
Everything in the van. the
apartment. it's not you.
When I'm done here. I'll come
find you and explain everything.
Okay.
So after I drop Ethan home. I'm
gonna fly back to California.
Good.
Do me a favor.
Get the night bus out of Chinatown. okay?
Go up to Boston. fly out of Logan Airport.
It'll be safer that way.
- What about you?
- I'll be fine.
Okay.
Be careful. okay?
Yeah.
What
are you doing here?
Just cleaning up.
You're an aide here. yes?
Yes. Just a
junior aide. actually.
Trying to make a good
impression on the ambassador.
I apologize if I
kept you here late.
I'm Noor.
Javad.
I've seen you.
Excuse me?
Where's your family from?
Isfahan.
Mine too.
I grew up near Ghadir Garden.
You did?
I used to walk by there
on my way to school.
There's a shop on the north
side that makes great zoolbia.
- Maison Chai?
- Yes!
Wow. small world.
I didn't think I
would miss home much.
But now that you mention it. I
could really go for some zoolbia.
You can find any
cuisine in New York.
Even Persian food.
I better put this away.
May I walk you back
to the residences?
That's very kind of you. But
I don't want to trouble you.
It's no trouble.
Besides. American streets
aren't always safe.
especially at night.
I also don't mind waiting
if you have other work
you need to finish first.
All right then. Thank you.
You're welcome.
Am I ever gonna get
to see my son again?
- Hello?
- It's Director Gedney.
I'm with Deputy Director
Mosley at his office.
What fresh hell has the FBI
and CIA heads convening?
Can't be good.
The President wanted us to inform
you of a tip the CIA received today.
An asset under
development in New York
approached us about a
U.S. intelligence leak.
Seems the Iranians may have come into
possession of classified information.
We think this could be
related to your case.
POTUS wants to bring
Night Action in on it.
You think Warren Stocker came back to
the city to sell intel to the Iranians?
Unclear.
We're trying to verify details.
Returning to U.S.
soil to commit more crimes
when you're already being hunted.
well. that's either stupid or stubborn.
Who's the asset
you're developing?
Thank you.
No. don't visit Times Square.
But that's New York.
It's a circus. Trust me.
If you want to experience
the city. visit the bodegas.
All kinds of people go there.
And they have everything.
I'll take your word for it.
Thank you for walking me back.
I'll see you at the
office tomorrow.
Yes.
And maybe during lunch.
you can introduce me to New
York-style Persian food.
I usually work through lunch.
Of course.
Well. good night.
Good night.
Noor?
Yes?
You're not
just an aide. you know.
Your work is important.
I'm sure your family
is very proud of you.
Hey. Ethan.
Parents make mistakes. okay?
They can make mistakes.
but also love you.
- Mom!
- Ethan!
The Chinatown bus. please.
Are you eating well?
Yes. Mom. Don't worry.
You look pale. Are you
eating enough fruits?
I am. Want to see?
Yes.
Look.
- Are those strawberries?
- Yes.
They're huge!
- How much did all that cost?
- Not much. really.
You can find all kinds of
fruits and vegetables here.
and they're not as
expensive as back home.
- Must be so nice.
- It is. Mom.
I wish I could show you.
I need to go
stir the porridge.
Farhad! Talk to your sister.
Good morning. brother.
When are you coming home?
So you miss me. huh?
I miss having someone else to
help Mom with all the chores.
Fair.
- Do you know what would be even better?
- What?
If you came to visit me.
we'd have no chores.
I'd take you around the city.
That would be fun. right?
Some day. maybe.
Yes. maybe someday.
If you're gonna torture
me. just…
My father sold state secrets
too. Did you know that?
I didn't wanna believe it
at first. but it's true.
You know why he did it?
To provide for you.
I'd like to believe that.
But the real answer
is I have no idea.
What I do know is
that he regretted it.
And right before he died. he
decided to do the right thing.
Now. I get it.
I understand why someone would
sacrifice everything for their family.
I admire it. even. I do.
And if that's the reason
my dad did what he did.
then I might be
able to forgive him.
Now. listen.
I don't know when. or even if. that
you'll ever get to see Ethan again.
But I can give him some
clarity about his father.
I'm not gonna torture you.
Okay? I'm not gonna kill
you. That's not who I am.
If you don't tell me what I wanna know.
I'm just gonna give you to the FBI.
Okay. They're gonna
charge you for treason.
then they'll rewrite the
entire narrative of your life.
And whatever it is that they
decide to tell Ethan about you…
that's all he's ever gonna know.
Or you can answer my questions
honestly and promptly.
and I'll explain to Ethan.
Okay? I will. I promise.
I'll explain to him that his father
did the right thing in the end.
Okay?
I'll make sure. personally.
that he understands
that his father had a good side.
And that's something
that I never got.
- What do you wanna know?
- Bangkok.
What was the intel you were passing
on? Who were you selling it to?
He said his name was Arthur.
Okay? But it had to be an alias.
And I got the feeling he
wasn't the actual buyer.
He… he was more
like the middleman.
There was another man at the
drop. He sort of stood out.
Beard. white suit. no tie.
He was watching the whole
thing. the handoff. Who was he?
I don't know. I only traded with Arthur.
I had no idea who he was working with.
Hey. why would I lie?
Huh? Why would I lie now?
Let's find out.
Who compromised the
Night Action line?
Who's the fucking mole
that got my partner killed?
I don't know. What's
a Night Action?
Look. I was working
alone. All right?
I needed to get Ethan away
from Patricia and that…
asshole. Frank.
When I started working overseas.
I begged Patricia to come with me.
She said we couldn't
pull Ethan out of school.
So… so I went by myself.
Then she started having an affair with
that… that… that shitbag architect.
Ended up divorcing me. Then
I fucking lose custody?
- I mean...
- Okay. okay.
Bangkok. What intel
were you selling?
There was a covert military program
initiated at the behest of the CIA.
The file I sold was from the
early stages of development.
It was theoretical shit.
okay? Nothing serious.
The whole program was
shuttered years ago.
What program?
It was called Foxglove.
It dealt with experimental weapons
that were mostly chemical...
Hello?